OCPBUGS#9284:Use different callouts (#57377)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/setting-up-cpu-manager.adoc

[source,terminal]
----
cpuManagerPolicy: static        <1>
cpuManagerReconcilePeriod: 5s   <2>
----

> <1> This setting is defined when you create the `KubeletConfig` CR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> cpuManagerPolicy is defined when you create the `KubeletConfig` CR.
```
You can add field names for both since they are in diff callouts.

Author: Addressed
